novel
Don't mess around with Miao Miao again, drinking hurts your body
Someone made you a crab roe porridge
Drink it while it's hot
I am allergic to seafood
So determined
I don't want to eat porridge in the morning
Please take me in last night
I'll go first
You can tell me what you want to eat.
I want to eat the Liji buns from the old Mid-Autumn Festival campus
OK
Is it gone?
Let's go eat their rice noodles. Hmm?
three things
Let's go to the last one
Forget it, just find a place to eat.
This Moment
He suddenly understood what time passes by
things are different
It was as if the heavens were telling him
It's time to let him go and start a new life